https://codepen.io/AdelaG/pen/PoZwOOv
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    A: semantic html is the part of html that has meening/gives meaning 
    to the web pages rather than to define its presentation(non-semantic)

    2. What is HTML used for?
    A: html is used to create web pages, arrange graphics on a webpage, 
    to link, diffrent pages in and to link diffrent webpages in.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    A: an attribute goes inside an element tag and it either modifies the 
    default functionality of the element or gives functionality to the 
    element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    A: h1 marks the most inportant thing in the page and it should only be 
    used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    A: img and a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    A: informatoin about the page and it's not meant to be displied on 
    the web page.

    7. What is an id?
    A: it's an attribute that can be given to an element and it can not 
    repeat itself, it's unique to that specific element.  

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    A: any elements we want. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    A: only once.

    10. What is a class?
    A: a class it's an attribute that which specifies one or more class 
    names for an html element and it can be used by css and js to perform 
    certain tasks for elements with the specified class name.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    A: any elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    A: as many as we want 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    A: you can copy the link and paste it to a new tab.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    A: gives the image a name so if the image can't be displayed for some 
    reason alt provides alternative text to display instead. 

    15. How do I reference an id?
    A: in css you can reference an id with the #and the name of the id  

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A: it's a semantic difference. Any content in a div element has no 
    inherent meaning, div is a generic tag for a section, while section is 
    more of a semantic syntax for html, and it can br used for search 
    engine optimization and it make it easy for html parsing.
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    A: it's usesd to give style to the webpage

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    A: h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A: you can use a class if you want to give all the paragraphs on 
    your webpage the same style, you would give them a class, and if you
    want to style something specific in css you would use an id in html 
    and refere to that one in css. Example: <div class="container">..</div>
    <p id="importnat-text">...</p>  

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    A: with a . and the class name

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    A: .human 

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A: the parent>child selector selects all elements that are a 
    direct child of the specific perent element. It is useful for 
    working eficiantly in css concidering the specificity that css 
    is known for so you can get as specific about your style as you would like.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    A: .sidebar a{}
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A: a pseudo selector is a selector that contains/uses a pseudo class 
    such as a:hover, a:active; a pseudo-class is usesd to define a special
    state of an element.

    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
    A: line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    A: letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    A: text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    A: div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    A: *{} universal selector or html{} or body{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    A: /*comment goes here and it does not display on webpage

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    A: you use the pwd command

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    A: ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    A: rm + the name of the file you want to delete, but you have to be 
    sure you want to delete because it's not gonna give you any wornings
    and it's permanent, you can not recover that file afterwards 

    34. Why should I use version control?
    A: becasuse it's something that every developer uses to work on project 
    it's very useful for a team of developers working on the same project 
    at the same time, it's a very useful tool to keep track of the 
    progress and the history of the changes you've made to a file/project

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    A: as often as needed expacially after making a change to a file/directory
    /project

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    A: git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    A: you fork the project; you add you tl as a colaborator; 
    you clone the project; you create your branch git checkout -b...; 
    you push your new fils up to github git push -u origin...;
    on github you chnage the base to your master and create a pull request and add your tl as a reviewer.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A: block elements take up the full width available while the inline 
    elements take the required width to display the contents of the element.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    A: it removes the element from the normal flow and it affects how the element
    before(ancestors) it or after it in the html are positioned on th e webpage.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    A: you use the box model and then using keywords values it is possible to define width 
    according to the content of the element: width: min-content; width:max-content.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    A: block elements: p, h1-h6, ol, ul etc
       inline elem: a, b, i, img etc.
       inline-block: button, input, select, textera
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    A: everything in htmls is a box but there are elements who dont follow the rule. you can make them 
    into a box using display property in css. you can give the element let's say am image a 
    height and a width and start creating the box model. add padding, border and margin.